my life's riding up a little both pilot
sitting back sitting back don't bounce
12:15 then walk it
gucchi your pulps on the road
well I will
there you go Jack the elbows up
moves fast
let's go curls
go right behind rage as
down tight
straight ahead on the throw straight in
on the throw
stretch it out curly and I want your
thumbs forward at the top my brother
squatting throw stretch curls go at the
top turn your thumbs forward yes or turn
them out a little bit Willie Nelson jump
higher bro all right just keep going
back and forth to these curls curly
pips back a little bit and then rich
boom
good all technique don't lean back hips
use little hips check me two more don't
lean to one side straight up good good
go for rounds non stop pushing curl push
and then curl your hair let's go let's
go good squat throw straight head Mikey
straight run more power put a hole in
the wall that's what you should be
thinking
let's go gag show squat boom nice you
don't have to catch it if you don't want
you pals power power
elbows in
Billy before I kill y'all kindness I
kill you
my natural sinus much worse you've been
warned
have you been born or who conform slap
in this match